It's your brother Chen Huachan
Hahaha, you are struggling desperately in the water.
Struggling desperately
The call attracted Chen Huachan
As soon as he saw that it was his second sister
Without saying a word, he rushed up to save you
But it was a pity at that time.
You are in a coma
After I saw him rescue you
I ran over and scolded him away
And then pretended to be your savior
Hahahaha, that is to say
My savior is Xiao Can
OK
And I still don't trust him
Squeeze him with you
I still want to kick him out of Jiang's house
I really don't deserve to be his sister
Now I know regret
Too bad it's too late
You
Stay home and take care of the president
No.
I've been waiting for you all these years
If I really fell for the old man, I would
I will not survive
No matter how good you are to me, you are not my biological sister.
I care if you live or die
Better dead
One less person to divide the property with me, right?
Hahahaha
You are nothing but beasts
So what?
Anyway, you are now
It has been left to us on Baidu.